Update pac.rst (#86)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/pac.rst

created:

    http://wpad.example.com:80/wpad.dat
    
.. Warning::

>     If you have **HTTP Redirect** enabled via **System->Settings->Administration**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you enable the **HTTP Redirect** option in **System->Settings->Administration**,
```

Author: I wouldn't change this since the redirect is enabled by default, so most people wont enable it, rather they have disabled them.

Reviewer: ok, then keep it as is

>     be sure your browser accepts the certificate presented by OPNsense, as it wont

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be sure your browser accepts the certificate presented by OPNsense, as it won't
```

>     download wpad.dat when untrusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    download wpad.dat if the certificate is untrusted.
```
